Ans 1:
Various sources of Big Data
a-Sensor Data
b-Media
c-Data storage
d-public web
e-machine log data
f-sensor data
g-docs
h-archives

Ans 2:
3V's of Big Data are:
Variety:Data can be stored in multiple format. For example database, excel, csv, access or for the matter of the fact, 
it can be stored in a simple text file. Sometimes the data is not even in the traditional format as we assume, 
it may be in the form of video, SMS, pdf or something we might have not thought about it. 
It is the need of the organization to arrange it and make it meaningful. It will be easy to do so if we have data in the same format, 
however it is not the case most of the time. The real world have data in many different formats and that is the challenge 
we need to overcome with the Big Data. 
Velocity:
The data growth and social media explosion have changed how we look at the data. There was a time when we used to believe that 
data of yesterday is recent. The matter of the fact newspapers is still following that logic. However, news channels and radios
have changed how fast we receive the news. Today, people reply on social media to update them with the latest happening. 
On social media sometimes a few seconds old messages (a tweet, status updates etc.) is not something interests users. T
hey often discard old messages and pay attention to recent updates. The data movement is now almost real time and the 
update window has reduced to fractions of the seconds.
Volume:
We currently see the exponential growth in the data storage as the data is now more than text data. We can find data in the 
format of videos, musics and large images on our social media channels. It is very common to have Terabytes and Petabytes 
of the storage system for enterprises. As the database grows the applications and architecture built to support the data needs 
to be reevaluated quite often. Sometimes the same data is re-evaluated with multiple angles and even though the original data 
is the same the new found intelligence creates explosion of the data.

Ans 3:
Horizontal scaling means that you scale by adding more machines into your pool of resources whereas
Vertical scaling means that you scale by adding more power (CPU, RAM) to an existing machine.

Ans 4:
Need:To manage bigdata which is enormous amount of data,one needs to run a particular job on multiple 
systems to complete the job in a given time limit.It is better to use multiple processors instead of one 
huge processor.The management of these multiple systems is done by Hadoop.In problems where variety of data
is involved at high velocity one needs a platform like hadoop to solve problems.
Working:
Hadoop is an open-source framework that allows to store and process big data in a distributes environment
across clusters of computers using simple programming models.
Hadoop is designed to run on a large number of machines that don’t share any memory or disks. 
That means you can buy a whole bunch of commodity servers, slap them in a rack, and run the Hadoop software on each one. 
When you want to load all of your organization’s data into Hadoop, 
what the software does is bust that data into pieces that it then spreads across your different servers. 
There’s no one place where you go to talk to all of your data; Hadoop keeps track of where the data resides. 
And because there are multiple copy stores, data stored on a server that goes offline or dies can be automatically replicated from 
a known good copy.
